Port the ThirdPartyEventRules module interface to the new generic interface (#10386)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/upgrade.md

    ```

# Upgrading to v1.39.0

## Deprecation of the current third-party rules module interface

The current third-party rules module interface is deprecated in favour of the new generic
modules system introduced in Synapse v1.37.0. Authors of third-party rules modules can refer
to [this documentation](modules.md#porting-an-existing-module-that-uses-the-old-interface)
to update their modules. Synapse administrators can refer to [this documentation](modules.md#using-modules)
to update their configuration once the modules they are using have been updated.

> We plan to remove support for the current spam checker interface in September 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to remove support for the current third-party rules interface in September 2021.
```
